hey guys James lip texture to it is a
mystery another iOS 7 jailbreak this is
one of the very few Jarrett tricks that
will work in partner so what's going in
swiss burger I've got cydia to learn ok
so it's freezing bigboss repo it's
called switch spring so what this does
is allows a continual way to close all
your applications from multitasking and
also if you restart your spring so once
you need you to click on the install
button little top right-hand corner as
you would do for any other directly and
then go back to your home it once its
installed and there is no configurable
settings for this so all you need to do
is I've got your multitasking and swipe
to the left and on the home screen
widget you swipe up and you should get
this message it says restart springboard
and you can either choose restart the
springboard or quick app so I like using
this for putting on my applications as
it's not standard with iOS 7 so you
click on quit up there get there get
your home screen and then not much just
League anything to show you it has quit
all of my patients so there you go
though is that is only I have a 7
jailbreak tweak it's currently working
for yourself if you like what you saw
please subscribe to the channel like me
on facebook and add me on twitter also
check out some of my other videos and
disorders and i'll see you next